src/StorageSync/StorageSync/help/Az.StorageSync.md, before:

---
Module Name: Az.StorageSync
Module Guid: 001b4bbc-9d7d-43b2-9e95-7a70325e9509
Download Help Link: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.storagesync
Help Version: 1.0.0.0
Locale: en-US
---

# Az.StorageSync Module
## Description
The cmdlets in the Storage Sync module enable you to manage operations pertaining to Azure File Sync in PowerShell.

## Az.StorageSync Cmdlets
### [Get-AzStorageSyncCloudEndpoint](Get-AzStorageSyncCloudEndpoint.md)
This command lists all cloud endpoints within a given sync group.

### [Get-AzStorageSyncGroup](Get-AzStorageSyncGroup.md)
This command lists all sync groups within a given storage sync service.

### [Get-AzStorageSyncServer](Get-AzStorageSyncServer.md)
This command lists all servers registered to a given storage sync service.

### [Get-AzStorageSyncServerEndpoint](Get-AzStorageSyncServerEndpoint.md)
This command lists all server endpoints within a given sync group.

### [Get-AzStorageSyncService](Get-AzStorageSyncService.md)
This command lists all storage sync services within a given scope of subscription/resource group.

### [Invoke-AzStorageSyncChangeDetection](Invoke-AzStorageSyncChangeDetection.md)
This command can be used to manually initiate the detection of namespaces changes. It can be targeted to the entire share, subfolder or set of files. A maximum of 10,000 changes can be detected. If the scope of changes is known to you, limit the execution of this command to parts of the namespace, so change detection can finish quickly and within a 10,000 changes limit.

### [Invoke-AzStorageSyncCompatibilityCheck](Invoke-AzStorageSyncCompatibilityCheck.md)
Checks for potential compatibility issues between your system and Azure File Sync.

### [Invoke-AzStorageSyncFileRecall](Invoke-AzStorageSyncFileRecall.md)
This command recalls all tiered files back to local disk.

### [New-AzStorageSyncCloudEndpoint](New-AzStorageSyncCloudEndpoint.md)
This command creates an Azure File Sync cloud endpoint in a sync group.

### [New-AzStorageSyncGroup](New-AzStorageSyncGroup.md)
This command creates a new sync group within a specified storage sync service.

### [New-AzStorageSyncServerEndpoint](New-AzStorageSyncServerEndpoint.md)
This command creates a new server endpoint on a registered server. This enables the specified path on the server to start syncing the files with other endpoints in the sync group.

### [New-AzStorageSyncService](New-AzStorageSyncService.md)
This command creates a new storage sync service in a resource group.

### [Set-AzStorageSyncService](New-AzStorageSyncService.md)
This command sets a storage sync service in a resource group.

### [Register-AzStorageSyncServer](Register-AzStorageSyncServer.md)
This command registers a server to a storage sync service which creates a trust relationship. PowerShell or the Azure portal can then be used to configure sync on this server.

### [Remove-AzStorageSyncCloudEndpoint](Remove-AzStorageSyncCloudEndpoint.md)
This command will delete the specified cloud endpoint from a sync group. Without at least one cloud endpoint, no other server endpoints in this sync group can sync.

### [Remove-AzStorageSyncGroup](Remove-AzStorageSyncGroup.md)
This command will delete the specified sync group.

### [Remove-AzStorageSyncServerEndpoint](Remove-AzStorageSyncServerEndpoint.md)
This command will delete the specified server endpoint. Sync to this location will stop immediately.

### [Remove-AzStorageSyncService](Remove-AzStorageSyncService.md)
This command will delete the specified storage sync service.

### [Reset-AzStorageSyncServerCertificate](Reset-AzStorageSyncServerCertificate.md)
Use for troubleshooting only. This command will roll the storage sync server certificate used to describe the server identity to the storage sync service.

### [Set-AzStorageSyncServerEndpoint](Set-AzStorageSyncServerEndpoint.md)
This command allows for changes on the adjustable parameters of a server endpoint.

### [Unregister-AzStorageSyncServer](Unregister-AzStorageSyncServer.md)
Warning: Unregistering a server will result in cascading deletes of all server endpoints on this server. This command will unregister a server from it's storage sync service.

Commit message:

Bring changes for 2020-09-01 API version to testing branch. (#14926)
* deprecate Invoke-AzStorageSyncFileRecall cmdlet

* 2020-09-01 API version updates work in progress

* add deprecation warning for offline data transfer

* integrate changes for initial upload policy support

* Add various new properties to server endpoint PS object

* add converters for new status objects

* update sdk package

* deprecate Invoke-AzStorageSyncFileRecall cmdlet

* update documentation and tests

* generate help update

* update strings

* remove offline data transfer parameter from server endpoint cmdlets, update help and tests

* fully remove recall cmdlet, update help files, tests, and other content

* clean up designer file

* update upcoming breaking changes file

* update help files

src/StorageSync/StorageSync/help/Az.StorageSync.md, after:

---
Module Name: Az.StorageSync
Module Guid: 001b4bbc-9d7d-43b2-9e95-7a70325e9509
Download Help Link: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.storagesync
Help Version: 1.0.0.0
Locale: en-US
---

# Az.StorageSync Module
## Description
The cmdlets in the Storage Sync module enable you to manage operations pertaining to Azure File Sync in PowerShell.

## Az.StorageSync Cmdlets
### [Get-AzStorageSyncCloudEndpoint](Get-AzStorageSyncCloudEndpoint.md)
This command lists all cloud endpoints within a given sync group.

### [Get-AzStorageSyncGroup](Get-AzStorageSyncGroup.md)
This command lists all sync groups within a given storage sync service.

### [Get-AzStorageSyncServer](Get-AzStorageSyncServer.md)
This command lists all servers registered to a given storage sync service.

### [Get-AzStorageSyncServerEndpoint](Get-AzStorageSyncServerEndpoint.md)
This command lists all server endpoints within a given sync group.

### [Get-AzStorageSyncService](Get-AzStorageSyncService.md)
This command lists all storage sync services within a given scope of subscription/resource group.

### [Invoke-AzStorageSyncChangeDetection](Invoke-AzStorageSyncChangeDetection.md)
This command can be used to manually initiate the detection of namespaces changes. It can be targeted to the entire share, subfolder or set of files. A maximum of 10,000 items can be detected. If the scope of changes is known to you, limit the execution of this command to parts of the namespace, so change detection can finish quickly and within the 10,000 item limit.

> [!Note]  
> The Invoke-AzStorageSyncChangeDetection cmdlet will not detect the following changes in the Azure file share:
> - Files that are deleted. 
> - Files that are moved out of the share.
> - Files that are deleted and created with the same name.  
> 
>  These changes will be detected when the [change detection job](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-sync-files-troubleshoot?tabs=portal1%2Cazure-portal#afs-change-detection) runs.

### [Invoke-AzStorageSyncCompatibilityCheck](Invoke-AzStorageSyncCompatibilityCheck.md)
Checks for potential compatibility issues between your system and Azure File Sync.

### [New-AzStorageSyncCloudEndpoint](New-AzStorageSyncCloudEndpoint.md)
This command creates an Azure File Sync cloud endpoint in a sync group.

### [New-AzStorageSyncGroup](New-AzStorageSyncGroup.md)
This command creates a new sync group within a specified storage sync service.

### [New-AzStorageSyncServerEndpoint](New-AzStorageSyncServerEndpoint.md)
This command creates a new server endpoint on a registered server. This enables the specified path on the server to start syncing the files with other endpoints in the sync group.

### [New-AzStorageSyncService](New-AzStorageSyncService.md)
This command creates a new storage sync service in a resource group.

### [Register-AzStorageSyncServer](Register-AzStorageSyncServer.md)
This command registers a server to a storage sync service which creates a trust relationship. PowerShell or the Azure portal can then be used to configure sync on this server.

### [Remove-AzStorageSyncCloudEndpoint](Remove-AzStorageSyncCloudEndpoint.md)
This command will delete the specified cloud endpoint from a sync group. Without at least one cloud endpoint, no other server endpoints in this sync group can sync.

### [Remove-AzStorageSyncGroup](Remove-AzStorageSyncGroup.md)
This command will delete the specified sync group.

### [Remove-AzStorageSyncServerEndpoint](Remove-AzStorageSyncServerEndpoint.md)
This command will delete the specified server endpoint. Sync to this location will stop immediately.

### [Remove-AzStorageSyncService](Remove-AzStorageSyncService.md)
This command will delete the specified storage sync service.

### [Reset-AzStorageSyncServerCertificate](Reset-AzStorageSyncServerCertificate.md)
Use for troubleshooting only. This command will roll the storage sync server certificate used to describe the server identity to the storage sync service.

### [Set-AzStorageSyncServerEndpoint](Set-AzStorageSyncServerEndpoint.md)
This command allows for changes on the adjustable parameters of a server endpoint.

### [Set-AzStorageSyncService](Set-AzStorageSyncService.md)
This command sets storage sync service in a resource group.

### [Unregister-AzStorageSyncServer](Unregister-AzStorageSyncServer.md)
Warning: Unregistering a server will result in cascading deletes of all server endpoints on this server. This command will unregister a server from it's storage sync service.
