src/ApplicationInsights/ApplicationInsights.Autorest/docs/Remove-AzApplicationInsightsWebTest.md, before:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.ApplicationInsights
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.applicationinsights/remove-azapplicationinsightswebtest
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Remove-AzApplicationInsightsWebTest

## SYNOPSIS
Deletes an Application Insights web test.

## SYNTAX

### Delete (Default)
```
Remove-AzApplicationInsightsWebTest -Name <String> -ResourceGroupName <String> [-SubscriptionId <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-PassThru] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### DeleteViaIdentity
```
Remove-AzApplicationInsightsWebTest -InputObject <IApplicationInsightsIdentity> [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>]
 [-PassThru] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Deletes an Application Insights web test.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Deletes an Application Insights web test
```powershell
Remove-AzApplicationInsightsWebTest -ResourceGroupName azpwsh-rg-test -Name standardwebtest01-lucasappinsights
```

This command deletes an Application Insights web test.

### Example 2: Deletes an Application Insights web test by pipeline
```powershell
Get-AzApplicationInsightsWebTest -ResourceGroupName azpwsh-rg-test -Name webtest01-lucasappinsights | Remove-AzApplicationInsightsWebTest
```

This command deletes an Application Insights web test by pipeline.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ApplicationInsights.Models.IApplicationInsightsIdentity
Parameter Sets: DeleteViaIdentity
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The name of the Application Insights WebTest resource.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Delete
Aliases: WebTestName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PassThru
Returns true when the command succeeds

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group.
The name is case insensitive.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Delete
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
The ID of the target subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Delete
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ApplicationInsights.Models.IApplicationInsightsIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### System.Boolean

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


INPUTOBJECT <IApplicationInsightsIdentity>: Identity Parameter
  - `[ComponentName <String>]`: The name of the Application Insights component resource.
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[ResourceGroupName <String>]`: The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive.
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: The ID of the target subscription.
  - `[WebTestName <String>]`: The name of the Application Insights WebTest resource.

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Yabo/applicationinsights (#18085)
* add component related swagger

* applicationinsights

* update

* polish custom

* polish

* polish

* add examples

* update alias

src/ApplicationInsights/ApplicationInsights.Autorest/docs/Remove-AzApplicationInsightsWebTest.md, after:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.ApplicationInsights
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.applicationinsights/remove-azapplicationinsightswebtest
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Remove-AzApplicationInsightsWebTest

## SYNOPSIS
Deletes an Application Insights web test.

## SYNTAX

### Delete (Default)
```
Remove-AzApplicationInsightsWebTest -Name <String> -ResourceGroupName <String> [-SubscriptionId <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-PassThru] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### DeleteViaIdentity
```
Remove-AzApplicationInsightsWebTest -InputObject <IApplicationInsightsIdentity> [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>]
 [-PassThru] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Deletes an Application Insights web test.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Deletes an Application Insights web test
```powershell
Remove-AzApplicationInsightsWebTest -ResourceGroupName azpwsh-rg-test -Name standardwebtest01-lucasappinsights
```

This command deletes an Application Insights web test.

### Example 2: Deletes an Application Insights web test by pipeline
```powershell
Get-AzApplicationInsightsWebTest -ResourceGroupName azpwsh-rg-test -Name webtest01-lucasappinsights | Remove-AzApplicationInsightsWebTest
```

This command deletes an Application Insights web test by pipeline.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ApplicationInsights.Models.IApplicationInsightsIdentity
Parameter Sets: DeleteViaIdentity
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The name of the Application Insights WebTest resource.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Delete
Aliases: WebTestName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PassThru
Returns true when the command succeeds

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group.
The name is case insensitive.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Delete
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
The ID of the target subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Delete
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ApplicationInsights.Models.IApplicationInsightsIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### System.Boolean

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


INPUTOBJECT <IApplicationInsightsIdentity>: Identity Parameter
  - `[AnnotationId <String>]`: The unique annotation ID. This is unique within a Application Insights component.
  - `[ComponentName <String>]`: The name of the Application Insights component resource.
  - `[ExportId <String>]`: The Continuous Export configuration ID. This is unique within a Application Insights component.
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[KeyId <String>]`: The API Key ID. This is unique within a Application Insights component.
  - `[PurgeId <String>]`: In a purge status request, this is the Id of the operation the status of which is returned.
  - `[ResourceGroupName <String>]`: The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive.
  - `[ResourceName <String>]`: The name of the Application Insights component resource.
  - `[StorageType <StorageType?>]`: The type of the Application Insights component data source for the linked storage account.
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: The ID of the target subscription.
  - `[WebTestName <String>]`: The name of the Application Insights WebTest resource.

## RELATED LINKS
