src/ApplicationInsights/ApplicationInsights.Autorest/docs/Update-AzApplicationInsightsWebTestTag.md, before:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.ApplicationInsights
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.applicationinsights/update-azapplicationinsightswebtesttag
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Update-AzApplicationInsightsWebTestTag

## SYNOPSIS
Creates or updates an Application Insights web test definition.

## SYNTAX

### UpdateExpanded (Default)
```
Update-AzApplicationInsightsWebTestTag -Name <String> -ResourceGroupName <String> [-SubscriptionId <String>]
 [-Tag <Hashtable>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### UpdateViaIdentityExpanded
```
Update-AzApplicationInsightsWebTestTag -InputObject <IApplicationInsightsIdentity> [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Creates or updates an Application Insights web test definition.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Updates Application Insights link of the Web test
```powershell
Update-AzApplicationInsightsWebTestTag -ResourceGroupName azpwsh-rg-test -Name webtest01-lucasappinsights -Tag @{"hidden-link:/subscriptions/xxxxxxxxxx-xxxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx/resourceGroups/azpwsh-rg-test/providers/microsoft.insights/components/lucasappinsights" = "Resource"}
```
```output
Location Name                       WebTestKind   ResourceGroupName   Enabled
-------- ----                       -----------   -----------------   -------
westus2  webtest01-lucasappinsights standard      azpwsh-rg-test      True
```

This command updates Application Insights link of the Web test.

### Example 2: Updates Application Insights link of the Web test by pipeline
```powershell
Get-AzApplicationInsightsWebTest -ResourceGroupName azpwsh-rg-test -WebTestName webtest01-lucasappinsights | Update-AzApplicationInsightsWebTestTag -Tag @{"hidden-link:/subscriptions/xxxxxxxxxx-xxxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx/resourceGroups/azpwsh-rg-test/providers/microsoft.insights/components/appinsightsportal01" = "Resource"}
```
```output
Location Name                       WebTestKind   ResourceGroupName     Enabled
-------- ----                       -----------   -----------------     -------
westus2  webtest01-lucasappinsights standard      azpwsh-rg-test        True
```

This command updates Application Insights link of the Web test by pipeline.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ApplicationInsights.Models.IApplicationInsightsIdentity
Parameter Sets: UpdateViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The name of the Application Insights WebTest resource.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group.
The name is case insensitive.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
The ID of the target subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Tag
Resource tags

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ApplicationInsights.Models.IApplicationInsightsIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ApplicationInsights.Models.Api20180501Preview.IWebTest

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


INPUTOBJECT <IApplicationInsightsIdentity>: Identity Parameter
  - `[ComponentName <String>]`: The name of the Application Insights component resource.
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[ResourceGroupName <String>]`: The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive.
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: The ID of the target subscription.
  - `[WebTestName <String>]`: The name of the Application Insights WebTest resource.

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Yabo/applicationinsights (#18085)
* add component related swagger

* applicationinsights

* update

* polish custom

* polish

* polish

* add examples

* update alias

src/ApplicationInsights/ApplicationInsights.Autorest/docs/Update-AzApplicationInsightsWebTestTag.md, after:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.ApplicationInsights
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.applicationinsights/update-azapplicationinsightswebtesttag
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Update-AzApplicationInsightsWebTestTag

## SYNOPSIS
Creates or updates an Application Insights web test definition.

## SYNTAX

### UpdateExpanded (Default)
```
Update-AzApplicationInsightsWebTestTag -Name <String> -ResourceGroupName <String> [-SubscriptionId <String>]
 [-Tag <Hashtable>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### UpdateViaIdentityExpanded
```
Update-AzApplicationInsightsWebTestTag -InputObject <IApplicationInsightsIdentity> [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Creates or updates an Application Insights web test definition.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Updates Application Insights link of the Web test
```powershell
Update-AzApplicationInsightsWebTestTag -ResourceGroupName azpwsh-rg-test -Name webtest01-lucasappinsights -Tag @{"hidden-link:/subscriptions/xxxxxxxxxx-xxxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx/resourceGroups/azpwsh-rg-test/providers/microsoft.insights/components/lucasappinsights" = "Resource"}
```

```output
Location Name                       WebTestKind   ResourceGroupName   Enabled
-------- ----                       -----------   -----------------   -------
westus2  webtest01-lucasappinsights standard      azpwsh-rg-test      True
```

This command updates Application Insights link of the Web test.

### Example 2: Updates Application Insights link of the Web test by pipeline
```powershell
Get-AzApplicationInsightsWebTest -ResourceGroupName azpwsh-rg-test -WebTestName webtest01-lucasappinsights | Update-AzApplicationInsightsWebTestTag -Tag @{"hidden-link:/subscriptions/xxxxxxxxxx-xxxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx/resourceGroups/azpwsh-rg-test/providers/microsoft.insights/components/appinsightsportal01" = "Resource"}
```

```output
Location Name                       WebTestKind   ResourceGroupName     Enabled
-------- ----                       -----------   -----------------     -------
westus2  webtest01-lucasappinsights standard      azpwsh-rg-test        True
```

This command updates Application Insights link of the Web test by pipeline.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ApplicationInsights.Models.IApplicationInsightsIdentity
Parameter Sets: UpdateViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The name of the Application Insights WebTest resource.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group.
The name is case insensitive.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
The ID of the target subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Tag
Resource tags

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ApplicationInsights.Models.IApplicationInsightsIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ApplicationInsights.Models.Api20180501Preview.IWebTest

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


INPUTOBJECT <IApplicationInsightsIdentity>: Identity Parameter
  - `[AnnotationId <String>]`: The unique annotation ID. This is unique within a Application Insights component.
  - `[ComponentName <String>]`: The name of the Application Insights component resource.
  - `[ExportId <String>]`: The Continuous Export configuration ID. This is unique within a Application Insights component.
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[KeyId <String>]`: The API Key ID. This is unique within a Application Insights component.
  - `[PurgeId <String>]`: In a purge status request, this is the Id of the operation the status of which is returned.
  - `[ResourceGroupName <String>]`: The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive.
  - `[ResourceName <String>]`: The name of the Application Insights component resource.
  - `[StorageType <StorageType?>]`: The type of the Application Insights component data source for the linked storage account.
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: The ID of the target subscription.
  - `[WebTestName <String>]`: The name of the Application Insights WebTest resource.

## RELATED LINKS
